Update gsuite.md (#694)
logzio/logz-docs: _source/logzio_collections/_log-sources/gsuite.md

* Go to **Main menu** > **Security** > **API controls**.
* In the Domain-wide delegation pane, select **Manage Domain Wide Delegation**.
* Click **Add new**, and fill in the details:

>     * **Client ID** - Enter the service account's Client ID - you can find it in the service account's details under "Unique ID" or in the "client_id" filed of the credentials file that was auto-downloaded when you created a new key for your service account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * **Client ID** - Enter the service account's Client ID - you can find it in the service account's details under **Unique ID**. It is also found in the **client_id** field of the credentials file that was auto-downloaded when you created a new key for your service account.
```
